feat: add useVModel default value (#298)
vueuse/vueuse: packages/core/useVModel/index.md

 *
 * @see   {@link https://vueuse.js.org/useVModel}
 * @param props

>  * @param key (default 'value' in vue2.x and 'modelValue' in vue3.x)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * @param key (default 'value' in Vue 2 and 'modelValue' in Vue 3)
```
